.. _install:


Installation guide
==================

Before installing ``django-contact-form``, you'll need to have a copy
of `Django <https://www.djangoproject.com>`_ already installed. For
information on obtaining and installing Django, consult the `Django
download page <https://www.djangoproject.com/download/>`_, which
offers convenient packaged downloads and installation instructions.

The |version| release of ``django-registration`` supports Django 1.8
and 1.9, on any Python version supported by those versions of Django:

* Django 1.8 suports Python 2.7, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5.

* Django 1.9 supports Python 2.7, 3.4 and 3.5.

.. important:: **Python 3.2**

   Although Django 1.8 supports Python 3.2, and
   ``django-registration`` |version| supports it, many Python
   libraries supporting Python 3 impose a minimum requirement of
   Python 3.3 (due to conveniences added in Python 3.3 which make
   supporting Python 2 and 3 in the same codebase much simpler).

   As a result, use of Python 3.2 is discouraged; Django 1.9 has
   already dropped support for it, and a future release of
   ``django-registration`` will drop Python 3.2 support as well.


Normal installation
-------------------

The preferred method of installing ``django-contact-form`` is via
``pip``, the standard Python package-installation tool. If you don't
have ``pip``, instructions are available for `how to obtain and
install it <https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/installing.html>`_.

Once you have ``pip``, simply type::

    pip install django-contact-form


Manual installation
-------------------

It's also possible to install ``django-contact-form`` manually. To do
so, obtain the latest packaged version from `the listing on the Python
Package Index
<https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-contact-form/>`_. Unpack the
``.tar.gz`` file, and run::

    python setup.py install

Once you've installed ``django-contact-form``, you can verify
successful installation by opening a Python interpreter and typing
``import contact_form``.

If the installation was successful, you'll simply get a fresh Python
prompt. If you instead see an ``ImportError``, check the configuration
of your install tools and your Python import path to ensure
``django-contact-form`` installed into a location Python can import
from.


Installing from a source checkout
---------------------------------

The development repository for ``django-contact-form`` is at
<https://github.com/ubernostrum/django-contact-form>. Presuming you
have `git <http://git-scm.com/>`_ installed, you can obtain a copy of
the repository by typing::

    git clone https://github.com/ubernostrum/django-contact-form.git

From there, you can use normal git commands to check out the specific
revision you want, and install it using ``python setup.py install``.


Basic configuration and use
---------------------------

Once you have Django and ``django-contact-form`` installed, check out
:ref:`the quick start guide <quickstart>` to see how to get your
contact form up and running.