{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue248;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat7\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat7\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\vieww19160\viewh19520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Navigation\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/genindex.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul index}}\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/py-modindex.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul modules}}\cf0  |\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul next}}\cf0  |\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul CMCpy 0.1 documentation\cf0 \ulnone  \'bb\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Welcome to CMCpy\'92s documentation!\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Contents:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul cmcpy Package}}\cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#id1"}}{\fldrslt cmcpy
\f0 \ul  Package}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-__main__"}}{\fldrslt __main__
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-amino_acid_spaces"}}{\fldrslt amino_acid_spaces
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-codon_spaces"}}{\fldrslt codon_spaces
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-evolvers"}}{\fldrslt evolvers
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-genetic_codes"}}{\fldrslt genetic_codes
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-misreading"}}{\fldrslt misreading
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-observables"}}{\fldrslt observables
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html#module-site_type_spaces"}}{\fldrslt site_type_spaces
\f0 \ul  Module}}
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs36 \cf0 CMCpy \'96 Code-Message Coevolution Models in Python\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 CMCpy provides an object-oriented python API, together with command-line interface executables, that implement \'93Code-Message Coevolution\'94 models. These published evolutionary models pertain to the evolution by natural selection of a genetic code in coevolution with a population of protein-coding genes.\
Formally, CMC models are sets of quasispecies coupled together for their fitness through a genetic code. The system alternates between quasispecies equilibration and adaptive hill-climbing through codon assignments and reassignment by code mutation.\
CMCpy can reproduce the statistics and results of \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Ardell_and_Sella_2001]\cf0 \ulnone , \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Sella_and_Ardell_2002]\cf0 \ulnone , \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Ardell_and_Sella_2002]\cf0 \ulnone  and \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Sella_and_Ardell_2006]\cf0 \ulnone . CMCpy additionally implements additional extensions that have not yet been studied in published work. It is easliy feasible to extend the present code-base to implement the model studied by \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Vetsigian_et_al_2006]\cf0 \ulnone .\
CMC evolutionary trajectories are partly a sequence of eigensystem solutions. Qualitative differences in results on different platforms can originate from differences in convergence criteria when power method-based eigensystem solvers are used, or from differences in floating point representations. Python defers to the platform C library for float representation. The default eigensystem solver is the eig() function in Numpy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Dependencies\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 CMCpy relies heavily on, and absolutely requires, numpy as a prerequisite. You should install numpy with the easy_install framework to be detected as installed when installing this package.\
If you wish to play with an experimental CUDA-based power-method eigensystem solver, you must install pycuda. This implementation is not faster than the NumPy default solver for many systems.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Installation\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This installer requires setuptools, the most recent python packaging framework. If you do not already have this installed, this package will install it for you, so long as you have network access. Otherwise preinstall the correct version of setuptools using the EasyInstall installation instructions at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall#installation-instructions"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall#installation-instructions}}\
If you need to install this package somewhere other than the main site-packages directory, install setuptools using the instructions for Custom Installation Locations before installing this package. The instructions are here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall#custom-installation-locations"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall#custom-installation-locations}}\
If you have downloaded the source-code package, the easiest way to install the package is to execute (from within the source root directory):\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 easy_install .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0 \cf0 Mac users may need to run this command with \'93sudo\'94 prepended.\
You may also try simply executing:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 easy_install CMCpy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Usage\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 CMCpy comes with an executable inside the bin subdirectory to the installation source package, a UNIX-compatible script called \'93cmc\'94.\
Additionally, a platform-specific executable may be automatically generated on installation.\
Published results with CMC models may be (at least qualitatively) reproduced through the \'96demo option to the executables.\
Also try running the \'96help option to the executables after installation and for a command-line example.\
Programmers may use the executable in bin as a guide and template for how to program against the cmcpy API.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Documentation\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Some documentation of the cmcpy API is available within the \'93doc\'94 subdirectory of the source distribution. HTML, pdf and texinfo alternative formats are provided.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Licensing and Attribution\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The CMCpy project is distributed under the terms of the Apache License 2.0 as described in the file LICENSE.txt\
Please cite Becich et al. (2012) in all scientific works that use this code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Release Notes\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The most recent version is 0.1 released October 2012.\
See CHANGES.txt for version-related changes to the CMCpy code-base.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 References\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth12500\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Ardell_and_Sella_2001]\cf0 \ulnone \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf0 D.H. Ardell and G. Sella (2001). On the evolution of redundancy in genetic codes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s002390010217"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Journal of Molecular Evolution 53(4/5):269-281}}.\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13200\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Ardell_and_Sella_2002]\cf0 \ulnone \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf0 D.H. Ardell and G. Sella (2002). No accident: genetic codes freeze in error-correcting patterns of the standard genetic code. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2002.1071"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London B 357:1625-1642}}.\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13200\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Sella_and_Ardell_2002]\cf0 \ulnone \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}Sella and D.H. Ardell (2002). The impact of message mutation on the fitness of a genetic code. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00239-001-0060-7"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Journal of Molecular Evolution 54(5):638-651}}.\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13200\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Sella_and_Ardell_2006]\cf0 \ulnone \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}Sella and D.H. Ardell (2006). The coevolution of genes and genetic codes: Crick\'92s frozen accident revisited. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00239-004-0176-7"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 J. Mol. Evol. 63(3):297-313}}.\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2220\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 [Vetsigian_et_al_2006]\cf0 \ulnone \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf0 Vetsigian K., Woese C. R., Goldenfeld N. (2006). Collective evolution and the genetic code. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pnas.org/cgi/pmidlookup?view=long&pmid=16818880"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 103, 10696-10701}}.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf0 Indices and tables\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \'b6\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0
\i\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/genindex.html"}}{\fldrslt Index}}
\i0 \cf0 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\i \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/py-modindex.html"}}{\fldrslt Module Index}}
\i0 \cf0 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\i \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/search.html"}}{\fldrslt Search Page}}
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Table Of Contents\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Welcome to CMCpy\'92s documentation!\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls6\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\ul CMCpy \'96 Code-Message Coevolution Models in Python\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Dependencies\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Installation\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Usage\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Documentation\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Licensing and Attribution\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Release Notes\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul References\cf0 \ulnone \
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Indices and tables\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b \cf0 Next topic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 cmcpy Package}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 This Page\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/_sources/index.txt"}}{\fldrslt \ul Show Source}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Navigation\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200
\ls8\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/genindex.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul index}}\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/py-modindex.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul modules}}\cf0  |\
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/dave/Data/PROJECTS/CMCpy/CMCpy/sphinx/_build/html/cmcpy.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul next}}\cf0  |\
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul CMCpy 0.1 documentation\cf0 \ulnone  \'bb\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a9 Copyright 2012, David H. Ardell, Peter Becich and Brian Stark. Created using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sphinx.pocoo.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Sphinx}} 1.1.3.\
}